### Architecture  
- When comparing Express HTMlL, Javascript, and SPA there is a lot of differences between the development tool, one of the biggest differences is that compared to JS and Express, SPA is a lot more responsive and gives the user the best experience, it’s a lot great for scaling and for building biggest application job compared to Express which has low scalability. However, SPA is a lot more complex to use than JS or Express, when wanting to use SPA user would have to learn angular, and routing, it makes it a lot more complicated when compared to HTML and Javascript. Overall, HTML, Javascript, and SPA all have different use stage depending the overall goal of the website, like for simple websites without needing any login, while a bigger and more complex project would be done using SPA since it’s the best that handle more complicated websites. The reason behind using MongoDB is because of its ability for scaling which is great for when the project is require to grow and become more complex as the time goes on. All this data will be stored using a NoSQL architecture, MongoDB. The reason for using MongoDB is that it’s able to handle a variable of different data types. It comes with import that allows for easy querying and inserting data, and finally, it has a big community which allows for easier troubleshooting if ever needed.

### Functionality  
- JSON is different from Javascript script because it’s a dictionary that store informations and its use to send and receive data. Javascript is a dynamic programing language. Javascript is very flexible compared to JSOn which is a strict format with key-value pairing. JSON is use to tie frontend and backend together by receiving information from the frontend, formatting the information into JSON format, and then sending the information to the backend for the backend to handle. An example of when I refractor code is when for the edit-trip and add-trip I use the same UI and very similar ts code. This save me time because I didn’t have to rewrite a new set of code for the edit and add trip options and instead I was able to reuse a set of code that I wrote for one of them for the other which save me time and helps with keeping the UI the same throughout the project. It also helps with scalability when using the same UI which means once you change one UI you are able to to just copy the code and paste to the other box and the UI will remain constant and looks the same.

### Testing  
- For this project the method that we use to connect API is through HTTP Restful API. For my fullstack application we have GET method for /api/trips and this will get all the travel trips, or /api/trips/:tripcode which will return all the information about a specific trip, retrieved from the given “tripcode”. Next we have PUT which modify an existing trips, DELETE, which delete an existing trip, POST will add a new trip. There are also POST for /api/register which allow user to create an account and /api/login which allow user to login to their account. Some method for testing that I use which Postman which did the manual testing making sure I can connect to the endpoints first. Specific scenario test, which I make sure that I am able to access the website or should not be able to access the website based on the credentials. Some challenges when testing with addd security is that the token tend to expire which require me to get a new token to continue testing. Security and adding auth for API is important as it prevent third party and unauthorized user from accessing credentials and perform actions that they shouldn’t be allow to perform.

### Reflection
- This course was extremely difficult for me as I do not like working frontend and building website. However, it’s probably the class that I learn the most from, one of the biggest skill that I took away from this class is learning how to build a website using MEAN stack. This is a skill that I didn’t have before and had no intention of learning it by myself, however, through this class I learn a lot about Angular and things like routing, setting up API, adding security, things that I would have not learn if it wasn’t for this class. This course is a big step for my career plan because web application is a big part of an company and a popular stack like MEAN makes me more desirable if I had experience with a popular stack. This course help me with becoming a better programmer as I had a lot of struggle throughout this project and I was able to troubleshoot and solve the problem in the end, which helps with my perseverance and determination and ability to solve a problem myself while learning new skills and gaining new knowledge. 
